Return on Equity (ROE) is 26.8. It is considered very good, since it is above 25%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 100.0. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 32.4. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 32.4. It is considered good, since it is above 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 0.34. It is considered under valued, since it is PEG is below 5EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is increasing. Aditya Birla Capital Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Net Profit value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Net Profit is increasing.EBIT follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EBIT value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. Aditya Birla Capital Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Revenue follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Revenue value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 4.01. As it is higher than 1. It is considered bad.The Interest coverage ratio is 1.56. As the value lies between 1.25 and 1.75. It is considered moderate.The working capital turnover ratio of -0.746. It is considered strongly poor.The Asset turnover is 0.19. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity value of the company is decreasing in the last year. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is decreasing.Cash from operating activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. Aditya Birla Capital Ltd's total assets is lower than its peers.The PE Ratio is 16.1 Since the PE_Ratio is between 10 and 20 the stock is Fair valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 1.68 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 1.4 The stock is NeutralThe Dividend yield is 0.0 Since the Dividend Yield is less than 1.0 the stock is UndervaluedThe ROCE is 11.4 Since the ROCE is between 10 and 15 it is the Industry AverageThe EV/EBITDA is 13.9 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 13.9 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 0.5 Since the Quick Ratio is less than 0.5 the stock is Highly criticalThe Current Ratio is 0.5 Since the Current Ratio is less than 1.0, the stock is Highly critical