Return on Equity (ROE) is 1.7. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 51.2. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 1.6. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 1.6. It is considered poor, since it is below 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 572.0. It is considered over valued, since it is PEG is above 100EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is increasing. Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Net Profit value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Net Profit is increasing.EBIT follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EBIT value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd's EPS is greater than its peers.Revenue follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Revenue value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 0.35. As it is lower than 0.5. It is considered low or conservative.The Interest coverage ratio is 1.05. As the value is less than 1.25. It is considered to be poor.The working capital turnover ratio of 1.592. As the value lies between 1 and 2, it is considered good.The Asset turnover is 0.4. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is increasing.Cash from operating activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd's total assets is lower than its peers.The PE Ratio is 1074.0 Since the PE_Ratio is above 20, the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 2.41 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 2.66 Since the Price to Sales ratio is more than 1.8, the stock is OvervaluedThe Dividend yield is 0.22 Since the Dividend Yield is less than 1.0 the stock is UndervaluedThe ROCE is 3.33 Since ROCE is very less it is a Poorly performing stockThe EV/EBITDA is 85.6 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 85.6 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 0.94 Since the Quick Ratio is between 1.0 and 0.8 it implies Warning: Monitor CloselyThe Current Ratio is 1.23Since the Current Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention Needed