Return on Equity (ROE) is 8.69. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 18.6. It is considered poor, since it is below 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 5.39. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 5.39. It is considered poor, since it is below 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 6.64. It is considered valued correct, since it is PEG is above 5 and below 100EPS value of the company is increasing in the last quater. In the last quater the EPS is increasing. GAIL (India) Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit value of the company is increasing in the last quater. In the last quater the Net Profit is increasing.EBIT value of the company is increasing in the last quater. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. GAIL (India) Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Revenue follows UP (positive) pattern. Revenue value of the company is steadily increasing over every quater. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 0.25. As it is lower than 0.5. It is considered low or conservative.The Interest coverage ratio is 12.1. As the value is more than 1.75. It is considered good.The working capital turnover ratio of 24.155. As the value is substantially more than 2, it is considered poor.The Asset turnover is 1.43. As the value is more than 1, it is considered good.Cash from investing activity value of the company is decreasing in the last year. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is decreasing.Cash from operating activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing in the last year. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. GAIL (India) Ltd's total assets is lower than its peers.The PE Ratio is 20.6 Since the PE_Ratio is above 20, the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 1.49 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 0.81 Since the Price to Sales ratio is between 0.8 and 1.2, the stock is Fair ValuedThe Dividend yield is 2.42 Since the Dividend yield is between 1.0 and 3.0 the stock is Fair ValuedThe ROCE is 9.76 Since ROCE is very less it is a Poorly performing stockThe EV/EBITDA is 12.1 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 12.1 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 0.68 Since the Quick Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention NeededThe Current Ratio is 0.96 Since the Current Ratio is less than 1.0, the stock is Highly critical