Return on Equity (ROE) is 24.5. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 100.0. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 75.4. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 75.4. It is considered good, since it is above 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 2.76. It is considered under valued, since it is PEG is below 5EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is decreasing. HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Net Profit value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Net Profit is decreasing.EBIT follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EBIT value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Revenue follows W (fluctuating) pattern. Revenue value of the company is decreasing and increasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 0.0. As it is lower than 0.5. It is considered low or conservative.The Interest coverage ratio is 251.0. As the value is more than 1.75. It is considered good.The working capital turnover ratio of 84.746. As the value is substantially more than 2, it is considered poor.The Asset turnover is 0.4. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows UP (positive) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is steadily increasing over every year. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is increasing.Cash from operating activity follows UP (positive) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is steadily increasing over every year. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows UP (positive) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is steadily increasing over every year. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is decreasing. HDFC Asset Management Company Ltd's total assets is lower than its peers.The PE Ratio is 41.1 Since the PE_Ratio is above 20, the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 12.2 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 30.1 Since the Price to Sales ratio is more than 1.8, the stock is OvervaluedThe Dividend yield is 1.4 Since the Dividend yield is between 1.0 and 3.0 the stock is Fair ValuedThe ROCE is 32.3 Since ROCE is more than 20 it is  High PerformingThe EV/EBITDA is 31.1 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 31.1 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 1.11 Since the Quick Ratio is more than 1, the stock is Financially HealthyThe Current Ratio is 1.11Since the Current Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention Needed