Return on Equity (ROE) is 8.45. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 100.0. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is -1.46. It is considered poor, since it is below 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is -1.46. It is considered poor, since it is below 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is -5.97. It is considered under valued, since it is PEG is below 5EPS follows inverted V pattern. EPS value of the company was increasing but now it is decreasing for last few quaters. In the last quater the EPS is increasing. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd's EPS is greater than its peers.Net Profit follows inverted V pattern. Net Profit value of the company was increasing but now it is decreasing for last few quaters. In the last quater the Net Profit is increasing.EBIT follows inverted V pattern. EBIT value of the company was increasing but now it is decreasing for last few quaters. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd's EPS is greater than its peers.Revenue follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Revenue value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Revenue is decreasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 0.11. As it is lower than 0.5. It is considered low or conservative.The working capital turnover ratio of 163.934. As the value is substantially more than 2, it is considered poor.The Asset turnover is 0.2. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows W (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is decreasing and increasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is decreasing.Cash from operating activity follows inverted V pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company was increasing but now it is decreasing for last few years. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd's total assets is greater than its peers.The PE Ratio is 76.8 Since the PE_Ratio is above 20, the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 6.33 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 0.9 Since the Price to Sales ratio is between 0.8 and 1.2, the stock is Fair ValuedThe Dividend yield is 0.12 Since the Dividend Yield is less than 1.0 the stock is UndervaluedThe ROCE is 10.0 Since the ROCE is between 10 and 15 it is the Industry AverageThe EV/EBITDA is 63.2 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 63.2 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 1.1 Since the Quick Ratio is more than 1, the stock is Financially HealthyThe Current Ratio is 1.1Since the Current Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention Needed