Return on Equity (ROE) is 25.2. It is considered very good, since it is above 25%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 90.6. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 42.0. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 42.0. It is considered good, since it is above 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 0.23. It is considered under valued, since it is PEG is below 5EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is decreasing. Oil India Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Net Profit value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Net Profit is decreasing.EBIT follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EBIT value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EBIT is decreasing. Oil India Ltd's EPS is greater than its peers.Revenue value of the company is increasing in the last quater. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 0.56. As it lies between the moderate range of 0.5 and 1. It implies that the company is using a mix of debt and equity for financing.The Interest coverage ratio is 13.4. As the value is more than 1.75. It is considered good.The working capital turnover ratio of 4.673. As the value is more than 2. It is considered really good.The Asset turnover is 0.53. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is decreasing.Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing in the last year. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is increasing.Cash from financing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. Oil India Ltd's total assets is greater than its peers.The PE Ratio is 6.33 Since the PE_Ratio is less than 10 the stock is Under valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 1.02 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 1.32 The stock is NeutralThe Dividend yield is 5.31 Since the Dividend Yield is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe ROCE is 25.4 Since ROCE is more than 20 it is  High PerformingThe EV/EBITDA is 4.39 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 4.39 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 0.72 Since the Quick Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention NeededThe Current Ratio is 1.08Since the Current Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention Needed