Return on Equity (ROE) is 16.8. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 100.0. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 43.6. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 43.6. It is considered good, since it is above 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 0.11. It is considered under valued, since it is PEG is below 5EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is decreasing. State Bank of India's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Net Profit value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Net Profit is decreasing.EBIT follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EBIT value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EBIT is decreasing. State Bank of India's EPS is greater than its peers.Revenue follows UP (positive) pattern. Revenue value of the company is steadily increasing over every quater. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 13.9. As it is higher than 1. It is considered bad.The Interest coverage ratio is 1.41. As the value lies between 1.25 and 1.75. It is considered moderate.The working capital turnover ratio of 0.926. As the value is less than 1, it is considered low.The Asset turnover is 0.06. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows W (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is decreasing and increasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is increasing.Cash from operating activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows W (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is decreasing and increasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is increasing. State Bank of India's total assets is greater than its peers.The PE Ratio is 8.02 Since the PE_Ratio is less than 10 the stock is Under valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 1.52 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 1.37 The stock is NeutralThe Dividend yield is 1.84 Since the Dividend yield is between 1.0 and 3.0 the stock is Fair ValuedThe ROCE is 5.2 Since ROCE is very less it is a Poorly performing stockThe EV/EBITDA is 16.5 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 16.5 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 2.52 Since the Quick Ratio is more than 1, the stock is Financially HealthyThe Current Ratio is 2.52 Since the Current Ratio is more than 2.0 the stock is Financially Healthy