Return on Equity (ROE) is 20.4. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Gross Profit Margin (GPM) is 51.9. It is considered good, since it is above 20%Operating Profit Margin (OPM) is 24.6. It is considered good, since it is above 15%Net Profit Margin (NPM) is 24.6. It is considered good, since it is above 10%Price to Earnings Growth (PEG) ratio is 5.62. It is considered valued correct, since it is PEG is above 5 and below 100EPS follows M (fluctuating) pattern. EPS value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the EPS is decreasing. Vedanta Ltd's EPS is lower than its peers.Net Profit follows inverted V pattern. Net Profit value of the company was increasing but now it is decreasing for last few quaters. In the last quater the Net Profit is decreasing.EBIT value of the company is increasing in the last quater. In the last quater the EBIT is increasing. Vedanta Ltd's EPS is greater than its peers.Revenue follows W (fluctuating) pattern. Revenue value of the company is decreasing and increasing for every alternate quater respectively. In the last quater the Revenue is increasing.The Debt-To-Equity is 2.38. As it is higher than 1. It is considered bad.The Interest coverage ratio is 3.14. As the value is more than 1.75. It is considered good.The working capital turnover ratio of -108.696. It is considered strongly poor.The Asset turnover is 0.77. As the value is less than 1, it is considered poor.Cash from investing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from investing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from investing activity is increasing.Cash from operating activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from operating activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from operating activity is decreasing.Cash from financing activity follows M (fluctuating) pattern. Cash from financing activity value of the company is increasing and decreasing for every alternate year respectively. In the last year the Cash from financing activity is decreasing. Vedanta Ltd's total assets is greater than its peers.The PE Ratio is 19.7 Since the PE_Ratio is between 10 and 20 the stock is Fair valuedThe Price to Book Ratio is 3.1 Since the price to Book Ratio is over 1 the stock is Over valuedThe Price to Sales Ratio is 0.67 Since the Price to Sales ratio is less than 0.8, the stock is UndervaluedThe Dividend yield is 38.5 Since the Dividend Yield is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe ROCE is 21.2 Since ROCE is more than 20 it is  High PerformingThe EV/EBITDA is 4.38 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe EV/EBITDA is 4.38 Since the EV/EBITDA ratio is more than 3.0 the stock is OvervaluedThe Quick Ratio is 0.53 Since the Quick Ratio is less, the stock is Critical: Immediate Attention NeededThe Current Ratio is 0.71 Since the Current Ratio is less than 1.0, the stock is Highly critical