In 2019 Rahul Gandhi peddled lies that Modi Govt is diverting orders from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd to some private players.    In 2023 HAL has an order book of Rs 82000 crore on an annual turnover of Rs 24000 crore.   Stock price up 6x

Hindustan Aeronautics CMP 2735   Stock up by 3%..

Hindustan Aeronautics stock falls five per cent in trading debut - https://yuvnews.com/4583/hindustan-aeronautics-stock-falls-five-per-cent-in-trading-debut…

 Hindustan Aeronautics - Stock to watch next week and two. 

#CNBCTV18Market | Hindustan Aeronautics (#HAL) at record high, stock up more than 6%

Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd:( CMP 2654)  ✓Retest of the rounding formation with a hammer at support.  ✓Prices to move up towards 2800+ @MotilalOswalLtd #stocks #StockMarket

Hindustan aeronautics Business overview  Hindustan Aeronautics is engaged in the business of Manufacture of Aircraft and Helicopters and Repair, Maintenance of Aircraft and Helicopters.

Top Drone Companies Stocks :   - Paras Defence and Space Technologies Ltd - Zomato (Trading near ATL) - Hindustan Aeronautics Limited - Rattanindia Enterprises - Info Edge (India) - DCM Shriram Industries - Zen Technologies   Which stock will you invest in?  #investing

Hindustan Aeronautics listing: Stock makes tepid debut, lists at 5% discount http://businessfortnight.com/hindustan-aeronautics-listing-stock-makes-tepid-debut-lists-5-discount/…

Foreign Minister of Nepal Mr. Pradeep Gyawali flying to Janakpur today with Ambassador Puri to take stock of arrangements for PM Modi's visit in Hindustan Aeronautics' Advanced Light Helicopter. The ALH was gifted to Nepal Army by Prime Minister Modi in 2014.

Which sector will outperform over next few years ? Defence Sector !! Which stock/s are you invested in from below ?  Bharat Electronics Astra Microwave BEML Bharat Dynamics Hindustan Aeronautics Paras Defence Zen Technologies Data Patterns Apollo Micro Systems MTAR Technologies

Is it a good time to buy HAL at current levels?   WATCH Mr. Bothra spot the classic uptrend in Hindustan Aeronautics' stock chart.   - Team Kunal Bothra #stocktobuy #StockToWatch @HALHQBLR #StockMarkets #TradingPicks #technicalanalysis #investbetter

Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd stock prices  2019 - Rs 352 Now - Rs 2762  Stock prices went up 7x Profit went up 3x Highest Orderbook at Rs 85000 crore which is 3x their annual sales   Didn't Rahul Gandhi once run a misinformation campaign that the Modi govt is destroying HAL??

Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd stock prices  2019 - Rs 831 Now - Rs 3900  Stock prices went up 5x Profit went up 3x Highest Orderbook at Rs 85000 crore which is 3x their annual sales   Didn't Rahul Gandhi once run a misinformation campaign that the Modi govt is destroying HAL??

Top Drone Companies Stocks Listed On NSE  - Paras Defence and Space Technologies Ltd - Zomato - Hindustan Aeronautics Limited - Rattanindia Enterprises - Info Edge (India) - DCM Shriram Industries - Zen Technologies   Which stock will you invest in?

